[footsteps]
Hi, Lina...
Tatsuya...
I guess you heard from Ray?
Yeah.
I won't be teaming up with you.
Yeah, I know.
I mean, it makes sense.
We live in two different worlds.
[gasps]
♪
[MIZUKI] Tatsuya, stop!
Wait a second.
From what I can see, it seems
there's a parasite aura
30 degrees to the right
of the direction
you're currently heading in.
[HONOKA]
Yeah, I see them, too!
There are three of them.
Looks like one woman,
and two men.
[HONOKA gasps] A girl in a mask
is running toward the parasites
from the opposite direction.
[grunts]
[LINA] I came to Japan as one
of the strongest magicians
in the world.
[LINA] But... the head‐to‐head
with Miyuki ended in my defeat.
[LINA]
To add further insult to injury,
I suffered an even more
decisive loss to Tatsuya.
[PARASITE A shouts]
[LINA]
Despite all that...
...I'll make sure that I
carry out the role of Sirius,
the commander of the Stars!
[gasps]
[PARASITE C]
Tsk!
[grunts]
[ERIKA]
I've got this!
[grunts]
[PARASITE C gasps]
[PARASITE B gasps]
[PARASITE C groans]
[ERIKA]
Hmph.
Mikihiko!
Roger!
[ERIKA gasps] Let's take
a closer look, here.
[ERIKA]
Oh!
Alright, that's one down.
[gasps]
One got away.
Mizuki, can you see it?
No, I'm so sorry.
I'm too far away to make
out individual movements.
I see. Well, don't worry
about it, then.
I'll figure it out.
Angie Sirius!
What do you want?
[TATSUYA]
Could you not kill them
before we finish sealing them?
Cleanup's going to
be a pain as it is.
[gasps]
[ANGIE]
That has nothing to do with me.
All I need to do is deal
with the deserters.
You mean Sirius's mission?
What I'm saying here is,
I want you to do that
after we seal the
parasites' main bodies.
One of them already escaped.
Sorry, but that isn't part
of my stated mission.
My duty as the Sirius is to
focus on completing that task.
[ERIKA]
That was Lina, wasn't it?
It's like she's a totally
different person.
Why would you think it's her?
Some of her mannerisms...
The way she gestures,
runs, moves her head...
But mostly, it's her
eyes that give it away.
I'm pretty impressed.
I know you already know this,
but keep it quiet.
[ERIKA]
Okay.
[TATSUYA]
And, incidentally,
I'll tell you the same
thing I just told her.
You mean, not to kill them?
Exactly.
As long as the host doesn't die,
the parasite remains
unable to exit the body.
So you have to nonlethally
disable them.
[ERIKA]
Hmph. Sorry, Tatsuya.
but I'm afraid I'm not going
to be able to do that.
I've been prepared for
my opponent to kill me
ever since I took on the sword
as the weapon of my choice.
So, when I think about
how my life might end
by another's hand?
Well, I can't leave them
alive and deliberately
extend their suffering.
[sighs]
Can't argue with that.
Guess I'll just have
to put in more work.
[ERIKA chuckles]
Hey, you guys are late!
Oh, shut up! We're trying
to do the best we can!
[TATSUYA gasps]
[MIYUKI]
Brother...!
[TATSUYA] I don't believe this.
They're the Batto‐tai.
A commando infantry platoon
under JGDF's First Division
and comprised solely of
magicians specializing in
hand‐to‐hand combat.
But why would this unit
influenced by the Kudou family
be mobilized now?
Panzer, activate!
You and I will take these guys.
Glad to. You and Miyuki
can go on ahead, Tatsuya.
Alright then.
They're all yours.
Come on, let's go.
Right with you, Brother.
[BATTO‐TAIS grunt]
All right, then.
Let's make short
work of these guys,
then we can catch
up with the others.
No problem. We'll be out
of here before they
even hit the ground.
[MIYUKI gasps]
Oh, no, Brother...
What happened here?
Lina, get back now!
Just stay out of my business!
[PARASITE D gasps]
[TATSUYA]
Parasites...
They can use magic literally
just by thinking it.
Lina's greatest weapon,
is her spell activation speed.
But even with that
tremendous asset,
when up against six parasites,
it's clear that our top priority
right now must be defense.
So...
[TATSUYA]
Miyuki!
Right! I'm on it, Brother!
[PARASITES gasp]
[PARASITES yells]
[gasps]
[LEO shouts]
[BATTO‐TAI E grunts]
You saved me.
Yeah, yeah, you're welcome.
[MIKIHIKO]
Erika, Leo, be careful!
[MIZUKI] The parasite's
main body is right there!
[LEO]
Doton?!
[shouts]
[LEO]
Schild!
[LEO growls]
[MIKIHIKO] Leo, you realize
that's a parasite?!
[groans]
[ERIKA]
Oh, crap!
[shouts]
[ERIKA]
Pixie!
[LEO shouts]
[TATSUYA]
Pixie, get over here, right now!
Yes, at once, sir.
[TATSUYA]
Honoka, you back up Pixie.
[HONOKA]
You got it!
[TATSUYA]
Erika, Leo, stay where you are.
You can tell that
to the others, too.
[ERIKA]
Huh...? Okay.
[LEO]
Uh, right.
[HONOKA] I agreed to it
without a moment's hesitation,
but I actually don't know what
"backing up" means in this case.
[HONOKA gasps]
[HONOKA] I'm gonna need
to get a good read
on her situation first.
[PARASITE D]
We found it.
[PARASITE E]
We've Found it!
[PIXIE gasps]
[PARASITES growl]
[PARASITES]
Return to us!
[PIXIE] No, I refuse!
I'm no longer part of you!
I now belong...
I belong to "him"!
[PARASITES] Then your insolence
will be punished!
What the hell is that?!
There's a colossal force
bearing down on her.
Tatsuya, do you
know what it is?
[MIYUKI] This is the
result of you ignoring
what Brother told you.
[ANGIE gasps]
You killed every parasite
host body in your path
without a second thought.
Now they're free and out
on a brutal rampage.
Lina, how do you plan on making
amends for your carelessness?
[gasps]
What are you talking about?!
All I was doing was
carrying out my mission!
[MIYUKI] Then the least
you could do is clean up
your own mess.
Or can you handle that?
Even Brother is stuck
with having to seal them,
a far more passive method
than he would prefer.
I'll make amends! Just watch!
Lina, wait a minute.
[ANGIE] Shut up!
I don't want to hear it!
[LINA] I need to make sure
I pull this mission
off successfully!
[LINA]
If I don't...
...then what am I even
doing in Japan right now?!
Not to mention
killing my comrades!
[LINA]
Then a lightning attack...!
It's not working!
Maybe air bullets?!
Ultrasonic waves!
Gravity shock wave!
[gasps]
Lina, it's coming!
[LINA grunts]
[TATSUYA grunts]
Brother, be careful!
[TATSUYA] Miyuki may
have the tactile skill
to detect spirit
information bodies,
but not the vision for
a bird's‐eye view.
Because of that,
she has difficulty
positioning her attacks.
[grunts]
[TATSUYA] It's so taxing to
think about holding out...
...when you don't even know
how long you'll need to.
At this rate,
the two might give in.
Physical attacks wouldn't work.
If we have any chance, it's
magic that affects the mind.
Tsk!
Honestly, it's all we have.
Mikihiko, do you see what's
happening over here?
Yeah. I do.
But I'm in the middle of quickly
making a sealing circle,
so just hang in there.
[TATSUYA]
Well, what's the likelihood
that the sealing circle will
suppress all this, though?
If I'm being honest,
maybe 50 percent.
I got it. That's fine.
We only need a moment.
Try to hold it off
for just ten seconds!
[ALL gasp]
[MIKIHIKO]
All right.
I'll make sure you get
your full ten seconds,
no matter what it takes.
I'll help out, too, Tatsuya!
We got you!
Good to hear.
Mikihiko, start the countdown.
Roger that!
Three... Two... One...
Now!
[PARASITES groan]
[gasps]
[HONOKA grunts]
[MIYUKI]
Huh?
[gasps]
Miyuki, look...
[MIYUKI] This... This is the
world that Brother sees.
[MIYUKI]
Yes, brother... I see it too!
There it is.
[MIYUKI]
Cocytus!
[PARASITES groan]
[ALL chuckle happily]
[MIYUKI exhales]
[MIYUKI]
Mm?
[gasps]
[chuckles]
Was that just lunar magic?
[LINA] Even though I
couldn't see the parasite,
I sensed it was destroyed.
Lunar magic this powerful...
[LINA]
Miyuki... Tatsuya...
What on Earth are
the two of you?!
Please, Lina, you must never
speak of this to anyone.
Wha‐‐? Wait, are you serious?
In exchange, I'll never
reveal your other identity.
Sirius' secret is safe.
This applies not only
to Miyuki and me,
but to everyone else on our end
who's involved in this, too.
[exhales]
All right, fine.
If you're really
promising to stay quiet,
then I won't tell
anyone what I saw here.
Besides, I bet nobody
would believe me anyway.
It's a deal.
[MIYUKI gasps]
[TATSUYA]
Lina.
Huh? Was there something else?
[TATSUYA] If you ever want
to quit being a soldier,
I think I can help
you with that.
Huh?
[TATSUYA]
I have some acquaintances
that I can call in favors from.
[LINA] Hold on, Tatsuya!
Why would you bring that up?!
You don't get it!
I don't want to stop being
the Sirius, I like it.
Ah, I see.
Sorry, it was a
weird thing to say.
[gasps]
[AYAKO]
Your Excellency Kudou,
I consider it a great
honor to meet you.
If I may, Sir, my name
is Ayako Kuroba.
I am of the Yotsuba's
lowest ranks,
charged with serving our
esteemed family leader,
Maya Yotsuba.
A representative
of Lady Yotsuba?
No wonder you're so levelheaded,
despite your
obviously young age.
Alas, Your Excellency,
we're running regrettably
short on time to chit‐chat,
so there is one thing I
would like to ask you about.
By all means, my dear.
How very kind of you.
With all due respect,
I've been led to understand
that Your Excellency's intent
is to bring back these sealed
monsters called parasites.
But to be completely honest,
the errand I have been sent on
by the family head is
to also retrieve them.
Oh, is it, now?
Quite fortunately, there are two
sealed vessels here already.
Why don't each of
us take one of them?
Does that suit you,
Your Excellency?
[AYAKO gasps]
[KUDOU laughs]
Very well, then.
We'll try the friendly approach
and share the spoils evenly.
Thank you, Your Excellency.
Truly.
[AYAKO]
Thanks to you, Tatsuya,
I can finish this mission
without any issues.
[MIYUKI]
Brother, about Lina...
Do you think she'll
keep her promise?
I mean, about what you
asked her not to mention?
I'm sure Lina has her
own things to deal with.
We all struggle to get places
we want to go sometimes.
Seems her battle to do so
is no different than mine.
But despite her stubbornness,
you still made an offer
to help her anyway.
Why'd you do that?
I'm not sure I understand.
What I mean, Brother,
is why do you keep on
trying to help Lina?
Could it be that...
...you might be harboring
some special feelings for her?
[gasps]
I just thought leaving the Stars
might carve a better future.
It's not as simple as just
leaving the military, either.
I truly think the
best option for Lina,
is if she becomes
naturalized here in Japan.
But I do still
sympathize with her.
In more ways than one,
we're actually very much alike.
Or, maybe I should say
we fall in to the same
category of people.
Neither one of us had
any real choice or say
in the path that took
us where we are now.
You could call me
enrolling at First High
a decision I forced
them to let me have,
but honestly, I don't think
Lina was even allowed that much.
[TATSUYA]
I was never given a choice,
but one day, I'll create my own,
and choose for myself.
I figured I'd offer
help out of friendship.
That is, of course,
assuming Lina wanted the
same thing out of the deal,
but... I suppose it was
none of my business.
[MIYUKI]
Huh?
[TATSUYA gasps]
No, Brother, that isn't
true at all.
I'd bet you almost anything
that some far off day...
...or even...
in the near future,
your kindness will
ultimately reach her heart.
Because I have a feeling
that this incident tonight
surely must have made
Lina see her current self
and what could change.
She may seem
a little bit simple,
but she can definitely
be sharp, too.
[gasps]
Miyuki...
[TATSUYA]
Simple? That's kind of mean.
[BOTH giggle]
♪